adding links for install steps (#10986)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _install-and-configure/install-opensearch/index.md

For operating system compatibility, see [Compatible operating systems]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/install-and-configure/os-comp/).

## Installation steps

> The installation steps depend on the deployment method, see the following for more details:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installation steps vary depending on the deployment method. For steps specific to your deployment, see the following installation guides:
```
